had everyone so excited to begin you
look at a brand-new item from MGA
entertainment this is scanned to go
scandic o is not your ordinary racetrack
or race car the cars themselves activate
with these cool scannable barcode cars
and depending on the combination of
cards that you use it's going to
determine the actual speed of the
vehicle so all different combinations
they're all going to determine whether
your vehicle goes fast or slow now this
is the starter pack that you see in
front of me its a 10-foot starter kit
that comes with 10 foot of circular
track as you see it's going to snap
nicely together these great pieces are
all one solid piece as well as the red
and it's going to slide together and
interlock here and then you're also
going to have these small clips that are
going to slide down into the grooves and
keep it all together nicely so I'm
loving everything about this this is so
fun really innovative in design you're
going to have the car here and again the
small scanner here and in the center is
where you're going to slide your car a
card and that's going to determine the
speed of the vehicle you're going to
have two small spinner wheels in the
front as well as two small spinner
wheels in the back and the four bot on
the bottom of course that are going to
keep this car in constant motion whether
or not it's coming into contact with the
sides of the track so I'm loving on the
design and concept of this so you're
going to have to use to winning
combinations with the cards a blue as
well as an orange card to determine the
speed of the vehicle now the power cards
are going not going to activate on every
vehicle they are vehicle-specific the
turbo cards though the blue cards are
going to activate on every vehicle so
you're going to have to turbo cards as I
said a nun for Speed cars so those are
the power cards and they all have a
different speed level and then they also
all have a cool character on the front
of them that vary by card so really cool
stuff i'm going to show you here with
these two cards how it activates and how
it operates the and determines the speed
of the vehicle so you slide the barcode
facing you with the vehicle backwards
I'm sorry okay
okay so you're going to have to have
that red light activated as well as the
blue light we've done that with those
two cards and then you're going to press
this green light here on the top and
watches it so this is the first speed
and then it's going to light up and
blink as it goes to its second speed
there you go so obviously the object is
to have too FAR's on the track at the
same time you're going to have one car
it obviously is going to win we're
loving scan to go in my house is it so
much fun and the collectability of this
is really great you can pick up new on
packs of cards as well as new
collectible cars to really expand on the
fun as well as expansion tracks you know
set up your track and a new design so
the possibilities with this really are
endless so much creative you know play
for the kids loving everything about
skin to go for more on skin to go head
on over to 17 more net you're also going
to have an opportunity to win a 10-foot
circular starter kit with the car as
well as two packs of cards and the
10-foot of track that you see in front
of me thanks so much everyone have a
great day